
# Meeting Minutes

**Date/Time**: 21-Feb-2017 16.00

The eighth meeting held by the group duly called on 21/02/2017 commencing at 16.00.
The main reason for the is to discuss worksheet2, the roles and possible design decisions. Also, roughly divide the tasks, seeing who was comfortable to do what.
### Present

Priyan, Reece, Ronak, Sean, Michael, Peiduo, Marco

### Apologies Received 

None.

## Decisions

- Divided up the task on worksheet2.
- Rough task allocation: 
	-Architectural Design(Need to add to backlog) - Priyan, Sean, Michael, Peiduo
	-Software class Diagram - Ronak
	-UI Mock-ups - Reece, Ronak, Michael
	-Software Scenarios - Marco
	-Testing - Reece, Marco, Sean


## Actions
- Priyan: Add Arch Diagram to the backlog.
- Everyone: Review the product-backlog see what task you are assigned to.
- Everyone: Plan and assign tasks for what features need to be completed.





