
# Meeting Minutes

**Date/Time**: 07-Feb-2017 16.00

The fourth meeting held by the group duly called on 07/02/2017 commencing at 16.00.
The main reason for the meeting is to discuss the requirements added by each team member and add to the risk log. Also, to allocate remaining tasks.

### Present

Priyan, Marco, Reece, Ronak, Peiduo, Sean, Michael.

### Apologies Received 

None.

## Decisions
- Added a number of potential risks to the risk log.
- Organised the user stories, removing duplicates in the process.
- Sean will create the class diagram.


## Actions
- Priyan: Arrange the time for the next meeting by 07/02/2017.
- Ronak: Update the risk log.
- Sean: Create the class diagram.
- Everyone: Think of a team name.


