
# Meeting Minutes

**Date/Time**: 24-Feb-2017 10.00

The ninth meeting held by the group duly called on 24/02/2017 commencing at 10.00.
The main reason for the meeting is to sort out who is working on which feature, solve some of the problems related to the database and check the worksheet deadline and supervisor meeting time.
### Present

Reece, Ronak, Michael, Peiduo, Marco

### Apologies Received 

Priyan.

## Decisions
- Everyone could update the feature files, if they can think or extra scenarios to add to them.
- Architectural Design should be finished before next Tuesday 28-02-2017. 


## Actions
- Ronak: Work on database.
- Michael, Sean, Peiduo, Priyan: Write the Architectural Design. 
- Everyone: Update the feature files.




