
# Meeting Minutes

**Date/Time**: 14-Feb-2017 12.00

The seventh meeting held by the group duly called on 14/02/2017 commencing at 12.00.
The main reason for the is to discuss worksheet2 and any questions anyone has for the supervisor meeting on 15/02/16. Also, roughly divide the tasks, seeing who was comfortable to do what.
### Present

Priyan, Reece, Rona, Sean, Michael, Perdue, Marco

### Apologies Received 

None.

## Decisions
- Added 'Team members have to work on individual database server' risk to the risk log.
- Divided up the task on worksheet2.
- Rough task allocation: 
	-Architectural Design(Need to add to backlog) - Priyan, Sean, Michael, Perdue
	-Software class Diagram - Rona
	-UI Mock-ups - Reece, Rona, Michael
	-Software Scenarios - Marco
	-Testing - Reece, Marco, Sean


## Actions
- Priyan: Add tasks to the product backlog.
- Everyone: Read over the second worksheet again, thinking of any questions for the supervisor meeting.




