
# Meeting Minutes

**Date/Time**: 25-April-2017 17.00

The fourteenth meeting held by the group duly called on 25/04/2017 commencing at 17.00.
The main reason for the meeting is to see which must requirements need completing and how much progress has been made on the current tasks. Also, to see if anyone had any problems.

### Present

Reece, Ronak, Michael, Peiduo, Priyan, Marco

### Apologies Received 

None.

## Decisions
- Michael will start on the mapping feature.
- Sean will update the architectural diagram and polish 2FA feature.
- Priyan and Peiduo will work on the responding to change document.
- Marco will continue with viewing course content feature.
- Ronak will work on course review feature.

## Actions

- Marco: Finish adding and viewing course content to course feature.
- Sean: Update architectural design and finish 2FA.
- Peiduo, Priyan: Continue with the how we responded to change document.
- Michael: Start mapping feature.
- Ronak: Finish course review feature.



