
# Meeting Minutes

**Date/Time**: 09-Feb-2017 10.00

The sixth meeting held by the group duly called on 09/02/2017 commencing at 10.00.
The main reason for the is to finish the backlog, class diagram, risk and perform quality checks on all of the documents.
### Present

Priyan, Reece, Ronak, Sean, Michael.

### Apologies Received 

Marco, Peiduo.

## Decisions
- Added some risks to the risk log.
- Added a number of tasks to the product backlog assessing the size of most of the tasks.
- Checked all files for spelling and grammar errors.


## Actions
- Priyan: Organise the next meeting, which should be held after 13/02/2017.
- Priyan: Create a release and submit worksheet.
- Everyone: Read over the second worksheet.



