
# Meeting Minutes

**Date/Time**: 14-March-2017 16.00

The eleventh meeting held by the group duly called on 14/03/2017 commencing at 16.00.
The main reason for the meeting is to decide how we were going to implement two-factor authentication and which method we will use. Also, to look at which bugs need fixing.

### Present

Reece, Ronak, Michael, Peiduo, Priyan.

### Apologies Received 

Marco.

## Decisions
- We will use Google's method of two-factor authentication.
- Peiduo will do complete the how we responded to change document.
- Sean will try to fix the CSS on index.jsp to fix image bug.


## Actions

- Priyan: Organise the next meeting by 20/04/17.
- Sean, Reece, Ronak: Correct CSS bugs.
- Sean: Finish code-refactor.
- Peiduo: Complete the how we responded to change document. 




