
# Meeting Minutes

**Date/Time**: 28-Feb-2017 16.00

The tenth meeting held by the group duly called on 28/02/2017 commencing at 16.00.
The main reason for the meeting is to sort out which tasks are remaining and how much progress has been made on tasks. In this meeting we also came up with a few questions with regards to the upcoming supervisor meeting on 29/02/2017.
### Present

Reece, Ronak, Michael, Peiduo, Marco, Priyan.

### Apologies Received 

None.

## Decisions
- The three key features we decided to implement at the start of the sprint should be finished by Friday. (3 key features - login, register, create course)
- Architectural Design should be finished by Monday.


## Actions

- Reece, Marco: Finish implementing must features (create course feature, login and sign up).
- Ronak: Finish UI mock-ups relating to the 3 features we have decided to implement at the start of the sprint.
- Michael, Sean, Peiduo, Priyan: Finish the Architectural Design.
- Everyone: Think of questions for the supervisor meeting on 29/02/2017. 




