
# Meeting Minutes

**Date/Time**: 12-April-2017 13.00

The thirteenth meeting held by the group duly called on 12/04/2017 commencing at 13.00.
The main reason for the meeting is to see which must requirements need completing and how much progress has been made on the current tasks. Also, to see if anyone had any problems.

### Present

Reece, Ronak, Michael, Peiduo, Priyan, Marco

### Apologies Received 

None.

## Decisions
- Michael will continue with two factor authentication.
- Reece will work on UI differences feature for admin.
- Sean will update the architectural diagram.
- Priyan and Peiduo will work on the responding to change document.
- Marco will continue with adding content to course feature.
- Ronak will work on formatting the jsps.

## Actions

- Marco: Finish add course content to course feature.
- Sean: Update architectural design.
- Reece: Finish working on front-end UI for admin.
- Peiduo, Priyan: Continue with the how we responded to change document. 
- Michael: Finish two factor authentication.
- Ronak: Work on front-end JSPs.




