
# Meeting Minutes

**Date/Time**: 21-March-2017 10.00

The twelth meeting held by the group duly called on 21/03/2017 commencing at 10.00.
The main reason for the meeting is to see which must requirements need completing and how much progress has been made based on the feedback given in previous supervisor meetings.

### Present

Reece, Ronak, Michael, Peiduo, Priyan, Marco

### Apologies Received 

None.

## Decisions
- Marco will implement add course content to course page feature.
- Reece will work on UI differences feature for admin, learner and teacher pages.
- Sean will work on delete and suspend account feature.

## Actions

- Marco: Finish add course content to course feature.
- Sean: Finish code-refactora and start the suspend and delete account feature.
- Reece: Start working on front-end UI for admin, learner and lecturer.
- Peiduo: Continue with the how we responded to change document. 




