
# Project Glossary

## Abbreviations
- **HTML** - Hypertext Markup Language - the language we will use to create the web pages.
- **CSS** - Cascading Style Sheets - the language we will use to change the graphical format of the web pages.
- **JSP** - JavaServer Pages - the technology we will use that allows the system to generate the web pages.
- **CI** - Continuous Integration - the technology we will be using to automate builds and testing.
- **JPA** - The Java Persistence API which is used for storing data to the database. 
- **SQL** - Structured Query Language, which will be used to implement the database for the software product.
- **2FA** - Two Factor Authentication.

## Technical


- **Open steet map**: An online library for displaying the map for the Teacher to invite Learners to meetups. 
- **mySQL** - We will be using MySQL Workbench to manage our system's databases. 
- **Java** - This is an Object-Orientated Language which will be used for implementing the core functionalities of the website. 
- **STS** - Spring Tool Suite - this will be the main IDE used for developing the software. 
- **Bootstrap** - This is a tool that will be used create the CSS for our web pages. 
- **Microsoft Excel** - Spreadsheet software - this will be used for modifying the product-backlog and the risk-log. 
- **Travis** - Our Continuous Integration system of choice that will be used for automating builds and testing.
- **Slack** - Communication software that will be used for team collaboration. 
- **Trello** - Project management software that will be used for task management.
- **GitHub** - Website used for hosting code repositories - this will be used to host our source code and documentation under version control.
- **Spring Security** - This will be used to implement the security system for the users. 
- **Test Driven Development (TDD)** - This approach will be used to test the software by adding gerkin senarios and test cases such as cucumber tests. 
- **Behaviour Driven Development (BDD)** - This approach will be used to emphasis the business behaviour related to our product. 
- **TOTP** - Time based on time password which is a six digit code generated using an authentication application, such as the  Google Authenticator Application. The code will be valid for a certain period of time, where the user can use the code to login to the the website. After a certain time the code will expire and a new one will be generated by the authenticator application.
  
## Domain
- **User**: Generally refers to a _REGISTERED_ user of the site. Can be a teacher, learner or administrator.
- **Guest**: An unregistered user visiting the site.
- **Learner**: A learner is a user of the system that wishes to take courses and access the resources available through the site.
- **Teacher**: A teacher is a user of the system that is able to post courses and content for leaners to use.
- **Administrator**: An administrator is a member of FDM who handles the day-to-day operation of the system.
- **Course** - A course that a learner can enrol on. These courses will be stored in a database.
- **"Suggestion Algorithm"** - The algorithm used to tailor home page course suggestions to specific users.
- **Badge**: A reward/qualification learners can acquire once they achieve something (completing a course, flagging bad content, enrolling etc.)
- **Course Page**: A web page containing content for a course. A course may have multiple course pages.
- **Meetup**: An event arranged by a teacher of a course where course learners are to meetup at a specific place. A course may have multiple meetups arranged.
- **Lecture**: A captured or live lecture as part of a course. Courses may have many lectures.
- **Test**: An assessment a user can take as part of their course containing questions to be answered or a brief. Courses may have multiple tests available.
- **Test Attempt**: A specific user's attempt at completing a course test.
- **Conversation**: A chain of messages between two or more recipient users.
- **Message**: A single message sent by a user that is part of a conversation. These messages may only contain text or hyperlinks.
- **Discussion Board**: A forum that is uniquely assigned to each available course.
- **Board Thread**: A thread is a chain of posts between multiple users in a discussion board. A discussion board may have multiple threads.
- **Board Post**: A post is a single message within a thread that was posted by a user. These messages may contain text, hyperlinks and embedded media (such as videos).

