# Responding to Change

In response to the new requirement, we introduced two factor authentication as a security measure. In order to attend to the new requirement, we used the Aerogear Security library and generated a two factor authentication secret code in UserServiceImpl.java. After that, we updated the following files to accommodate two factor authentication: IndexController.java, login.js, signup-success.jsp, login-modal.jsp and AjaxAdditionalAuthController.java. 

In this way, the user would need to enter the code generated by an authenticator app after they enter the email and password in order to sign into the system. Using the scrum methodology means that we embrace change and are flexible, so Priyan updated the backlog and re-organised the priority of the user stories to accommodate the new requirement change. Also, we were flexible in that Sean changed the structure of the project adding new packages to handle the increased improvement in security. Ronak updated the risk log to handle the impact the change of requirement had. The glossary was also updated to inform the team members of the new terms which will now be used in the project.

Sean and Michael were tasked with implementing two factor authentication. Sean imported the Aerogear Security library in the UserServiceImpl.java and implemented TwoFactorAuthDto.java class which gets and sets the randomly generated. Sean added to SignUpController.java, to accommodate the two factor authentication, enabling the ability to generate a QR code to which helps a user set up their account on their authenticator application. Also Sean, added to AjaxAdditionalAuthController.java to handle the authentication of the two factor authentication code. Sean also added to the login-modal.jsp file to display the two factor authentication form. 

## Changed Files

- Updated risk log [commit 41abaaf0cc8fdf52481b7f4c120f20c14b146f90](https://github.com/UOL-CS/co2015-16-17-group-15/commit/41abaaf0cc8fdf52481b7f4c120f20c14b146f90)
- Updated glossary [commit 2927c2c24edae3d3d5ff98f6507ef6d2f7d3606d](https://github.com/UOL-CS/co2015-16-17-group-15/commit/2927c2c24edae3d3d5ff98f6507ef6d2f7d3606d)
- Updated architectural design [commit 5824697f198cf05a94c34bcf6652d08be00aab51](https://github.com/UOL-CS/co2015-16-17-group-15/commit/5824697f198cf05a94c34bcf6652d08be00aab51)
- Updated product backlog [commit b2759d51d5867990c86cef0f3014133a44645bf7](https://github.com/UOL-CS/co2015-16-17-group-15/commit/b2759d51d5867990c86cef0f3014133a44645bf7)
- Updated 2FATest [commit f6ae2122fb0981feba59a9991a1518c8a22beb5e](https://github.com/UOL-CS/co2015-16-17-group-15/commit/f6ae2122fb0981feba59a9991a1518c8a22beb5e)
